Stop! I have money!
Hurry and go to the open air to rest! You definitely won’t let him go!
This raw ground soup is over! Who knows whether your money is real or fake!
Hurry up and leave! We are wrong about other people’s business!
What does he think? Just one year!
If you want to read and listen to it, I will start my book business again!
Because I won’t take a new one to take a picture!
Look, you cooperate with me! I'm standing here a lot!
I can't even touch you! What are you listening to that deceives people!
Who knows how homeless you are in Hui Hong Sai!
Don’t dare to leave yet! Leave quickly!
Go! Don't touch me! Don't touch me!
My heart wants to be in the middle, never suitable for trade groups
More ready to run
Even if the king’s wife comes today
Don't take me seriously once you join the flight.
You wouldn't just divorce and have a pretty boy?